Installation
=============================

Gini iOS library can either be installed by using CocoaPods, Swift Package Manager or by manually dragging the required files to your project.

## CocoaPods

[CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org) is a dependency manager for Cocoa projects. You can install it with the following command:

```bash
$ gem install cocoapods
```

To integrate the library into your Xcode project using CocoaPods specify it in your `Podfile`, as follows:

```ruby
pod "Gini/DocumentsAPI"
```

Additionally, in case that you want to use the certificate pinning in the library, add the following line below `pod "Gini/DocumentsAPI"`:
```ruby
pod "Gini/Pinning"
```

Then run the following command:

```bash
$ pod install
```

## Swift Package manager

[Swift Package Manager](https://swift.org/package-manager/) is preinstalled with Xcode.

To integrate the Gini iOS library within a Swift Package, add the following line to your  Package.swift file:

```Swift
dependencies: [
    .package(name: "Gini", url: "https://github.com/gini/gini-ios.git", from: TBD)
]
```

To integrate within an Xcode project, please use the Xcode assistant for adding Swift Packages.

## Manually

If you prefer not to use a dependency management tool, you can integrate the Gini Vision Library into your project manually.
To do so drop the GiniVision (classes and assets) folder into your project and add the files to your target.

Xcode will automatically check your project for swift files and will create an autogenerated import header for you.
Use this header in an Objective-C project by adding

```Obj-C
#import "YourProjectName-Swift.h"
```

to your implementation or header files. Note that spaces in your project name result in underscores. So `Your Project` becomes `Your_Project-Swift.h`.
